Skip to content

Coronavirus in Lincoln
* Home
* Project Overview
* Site Map
* Omeka
* StoryMap
How has a major research university responded to the Coronavirus pandemic?
What about the mid-major city that surrounds it?
Project Overview
Explore the images of campus and downtown Lincoln in more detail.
Omeka Database
 
The StoryMap
Latest from the Blog
Contextualizing the Pandemic
Phrases “Llena el censo” and “2020census.gov” and “Anyone can do the census! Teens, too!” are spray painted on the sidewalk outside of a local business in downtown Lincoln
November 14, 2020
A Reflection on the Conflict Between the Land and the People of Nebraska
Recently, I found myself getting so caught up in my digital work that I failed to recognize what physical conditions made this work even possible… By William F. Kelly, M.A. When the University of Nebraska was established in 1869, the land only been in white hands for 15 years (Jones et al. 2017, 432). EvenContinue reading “A Reflection on the Conflict Between the Land and the People of Nebraska”
November 14, 2020
Contrasting UNL City Campus to Downtown Lincoln
Both areas have been observed and documented. How are they different? By William F. Kelly, M.A. Observing downtown Lincoln, the assignment could be flipped as such: how has downtown not changed since the pandemic? It was far easier to find answers to the question posed this way than its opposite. While there were signs encouraging citizens toContinue reading “Contrasting UNL City Campus to Downtown Lincoln”
October 11, 2020
Have a minute?

Help us take our project to the next level
How can we improve?
Have to run? Give us one second…
How likely are you to share this site?
This could be social media, word-of-mouth, etc.
Top of Form
Very likely
Likely
Not likely at all
CREATE YOUR OWN POLL WITH CROWDSIGNAL
Bottom of Form
EditHome
* Home
* Project Overview
* Site Map
* Omeka
* StoryMap
Coronavirus in Lincoln, Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

Copyright William F. Kelly, M.A., CC BY 4.0

Recommended Citation: William F. Kelly, "Coronavirus in Lincoln," University of Nebraska-Lincoln, 2020.


