After a gradual process comprised of observation, documentation, and critical reflection, what have we learned along the way? Why does this project need to exist? Humans are constantly documenting their experiences, whether verbally to a friend or digitally on social media. But how often are these experiences organized to convey the larger picture? Perhaps there is no larger picture living humans have experienced than the storm we face today: the coronavirus pandemic, social unrest, racial injustice, and the climate crisis.  Due to a tremendous digital humanities course, my own experiences acquired a structured outlet. The result is a fairly comprehensive digital project focused on how the coronavirus pandemic has impacted Lincoln, Nebraska, and its major university. As the project developed, the storm’s other components required my consideration as well. My training as an historian influenced the initial approach to the project. Coronavirus in Lincoln is meant to inform and engage public audiences about the similarities and disparities in COVID-19 responses at institutional and human levels. With this goal in mind, I purposefully chose Wordpress and Omeka as the project’s bedrock digital tools. Wordpress became the base for telling the project’s stories, and Omeka became the archival database for the media I collected along the way. I still see room for growth in this project, particularly concerning the exhibit features on Omeka. This project’s Omeka companion site has the potential to serve as a coronavirus pandemic museum of sorts.Tactically, this project took a three-pronged approach: observe, document, and tell. As you may notice, the major nodes of Coronavirus in Lincoln are UNL City Campus and Downtown Lincoln. Over this project’s 12-week initial construction, observational walks were taken throughout both locations. Broad questions were asked on those walks. Why are the hand-sanitizer stations set up in these particular locations? Or, are people walking in smaller groups more often than they were last school year? These types of questions influenced how I photographed, filmed, and recorded my observations. Those same questions also allowed my critical reflections to flow more freely than if those observational walks were conducted with a specific aim already in mind. Turning to the site’s construction, Coronavirus in Lincoln takes a uniform design. Each post offers a title, mostly followed by a by-line, then an appropriate image, and, finally, topic-ranging prose. The aim was uniformity yet unpredictability, uniqueness with clarity. Lingually, this project includes a Google Translate widget that enables non-English speaking users to learn about how the pandemic in Lincoln. Logical next steps include adjusting the color scheme and audio readings to address sight and hearing accessibility issues.The final stages of the project involve paying close attention to the physical and historical landscapes that made this project possible. Readers will notice one essay on the longue durée nature of Nebraska’s prehistoric and human past. They will also notice an additional post concerned with Lincoln and UNL’s history of racial (in)justice with particular attention on Black and indigenous populations. These posts were included in an effort to acknowledge the physical and historical landscapes – which often entail dispossession, discrimination, and violence – that made this project possible from the outset. As Coronavirus in Lincoln concludes its initial phases of construction, attention turns towards fine-tuning audio and visual accessibility, better understanding the project’s material conditions, and continually adapting the content to the world’s changing tides. Twenty-first-century humans rarely document or record their lived experiences in an organized, preservation-focused fashion. It is hoped that this project might serve as an example for citizens to jot down the notes of their unique lives in a journal, on a blog, or in a video (or perhaps all three places), so that their stories amid storms can be useful to future generations. 